1. Write a program cat.py that takes a filename as command-line argument and prints all the contents of that file.

2. Write a program wc.py that takes filename as argument and counts number of lines, words and chars in file.

3. Write a program head.py that takes a filename as command-line argument and prints the first 5 lines of it.

4. Write a program sumfile.py that takes a filename as argument and prints sum of all numbers in that file. It is assumed that the file will only have one number in every line.

5. Write a program grep.py that takes a pattern and a filename as command-line argument and prints all the lines in the file that contain given pattern.

6. Write a program copyfile.py to copy one file to another. It should accept two filenames as command-line arguments and copies the first one into the second.

7. Write a program ls.py that takes path to a directory as command-line argument and prints all the files in that directory. When no argument is specified, it should list the files in the current directory.

8. Write a program largest-file.py to find the largest file in the given directory. The program should accept the directory name as command-line argument and print path to the file (not just filename).

9. Write a program most-recent-file.py to find the most recently modified file in the given directory. The program should accept the directory name as command-line argument and print path to the file (not just filename) that is most recently modified file.

10. Write a program files-only.py to find only file and not sub directories. Pass directory name as command line argument.

11. Write a program find-matching-files.py to find files recursively in a directory tree matching given wildcard pattern. The program should accept the directory and the pattern as command-line argument.

12. Write a program find-large-files.py to find files recursively in a directory tree that are larger than given size. The program should accept the directory and the size as command-line argument. The size can be also be specified with K, M and G suffix for KB, MB and GB respectively.

13. Write a function unique to find all the unique elements of a list.

14. Write a function dups to find all duplicates in the list.

15. Write a function group(list, size) that take a list and splits into smaller lists of given size.